slidy.css and slidy.js is distributed under the following license:

W3C Software Notice and License

This work (and included software, documentation such as READMEs, or other
related items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the following
license.  License

By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you
have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and conditions.

Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation,
with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is
hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the
software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications:

	* The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the
	  redistributed or derivative work.

	* Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms
	  and conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software Short Notice should
	  be included (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) within the
	  body of any redistributed or derivative code.

	* Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including the
	  date changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the
	  location from which the code is derived.)

Disclaimers

THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT
THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.

The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or
publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior
permission. Title to copyright in this software and any associated
documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders.

Notes

This version:
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231

This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on December 31 2002.
This version removes the copyright ownership notice such that this license can
be used with materials other than those owned by the W3C, reflects that ERCIM
is now a host of the W3C, includes references to this specific dated version of
the license, and removes the ambiguous grant of "use". Otherwise, this version
is the same as the previous version and is written so as to preserve the Free
Software Foundation's assessment of GPL compatibility and OSI's certification
under the Open Source Definition.

=============================================================================

slideml.pl is distributed under the following license:

/*
 * Copyright (c) 2010, 2011 Joel Sing (joel@sing.id.au)
 *
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
 *
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
 * WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
 * ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
 * WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
 * ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
 * OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
 */

=============================================================================

The meta language format has the following license:

/*
 * Copyright (c) 2010, 2011 Joel Sing (joel@sing.id.au)
 * Copyright (c) 2010, 2011 Marco Peereboom <marco@peereboom.us>
 *
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
 *
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
 * WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
 * ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
 * WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
 * ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
 * OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
 */
